Win 10 installation notes (#3)
DGtal-team/DGtal-Tutorials-DGMM2022: README.md

  - [boost](http://boost.org) (>= 1.50).
  - the zlib package (already installed in many linux/macos distributions)

> For windows users, you can follows this [installations](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtal-Tutorials-DGMM2022/blob/main/windowsDGtalInstall.md) steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For windows users, you can follow these [installation](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtal-Tutorials-DGMM2022/blob/main/windowsDGtalInstall.md) steps.
```
